few guys that I really like and I really
like the attitude when they when they
step by here on this field and then
locking my stuff like that so i'ma
definitely trying you know keep my hands
on them and stuff like that but sis is a
great guy what's it like covering
Georgie yard you get it yeah I mean I
really didn't get much but I was
definitely talking to her all going some
jock talking just because you know you
moved from defense to offense so I
definitely told her ok says you want to
change her we gotta break you in a
little bit but now it's great I mean you
know he did it for the team and so it
was great I mean I like George over here
comfortable so Eddie another batch is
like me I meant what was just a one like
we're just getting back out there was a
day but you guys really been waiting to
get to for a while the day was great no
it's just great to be back out here on
the field playing again that we love to
play getting ready for the season you
know every has high expectations before
to stay and we just you know goodnight
have working live under those
expectations no matter what every singer
you got a lot of new faces no matter
what but I mean we've got a lot of new
coaches getting learners there are a lot
of fresh faces a key right new
facilities new coaches knew everything
you know so we just got a new other two
choices games we come here out of one
what was it like the first I'm just kind
of walking in the indoor because it's
other it's been coming for a while now
it was nice today was actually my first
day walking in I said I wasn't gonna
walk into it was time to go to work and
I went in there did work today so it was
great that's my sylheti we earned it
that's all I can say what impressions
got some of the young defensive guys
because you got a number of guys
especially the second run to a lot of
defensive guy stepped up a lot of young
guy said even on the offensive side of
the lobby jump right in here first you
know they made a few mistakes but at the
end of the day they write their playing
hard and that's what we love about that
young attitude and the program that
we're dealing here is having actually
experiencing helps us out what kind of
talent did they bring into this line
back what kind of town I they brought I
feel like new guys I'm talking exactly i
feel like it's consistent talent but the
add on to what we already have you know
it's guys like myself and christian
jones
when tara smith like you know even the
young guys that began recruited that are
coming in I feel like it's a steady flow
of talent you know a talent pool that
we're building here and these guys right
here to coming with attitude and they
ready to play